# Far from my land

Deep 'neath the stars was I born,<br>
Looking with hope unto the world,<br>
A world of exquisite beauty, versatility,<br>
Which amazed me with its profundity.

Great light came forth me,<br>
But alas! The shadows were hovering,<br>
Shadows that do not kill or maim,<br>
Shadows that are far worse --
`
For they bind the soul; unfettered it remains not,<br>
It cries out in pain, but the shackles don't give way,<br>
It pushes and shoves, but in vain,<br>
While things of beauty before him smile, and fade.

Can beauty be regained? Can the mind be free?<br>
Is it possible in the land of shadows,<br>
Where men lie, cheat, deceive and break but rarely mend.<br>
Where light is crushed, rarely kindled.

We need a light powerful and profound,<br>
To break through the darkening gloom,<br>
The sun rises in far-off lands, hardly in ours,<br>
E'en if it does, it does caress the fading ones.

I long to leave, my task is done,<br>
I've savored the warmth of this land,<br>
Tasted the sweet, the bitter and many more,<br>
But now I am tired, I long to rest, evermore.

Many hurdles bar my way, but<br>
Cross them I must,<br>
Free of the shackles of the shadows shall I then become,<br>
Free of the land of my fathers.

Hope still does lie in the hearts of few,<br>
Little flickering points, that glow<br>
in the murky night, alas!<br>
The seagulls can't take flight.

Before I part, I would like to say,<br>
Many things are beautiful by the light of day,<br>
Lose them not, for that's why we live, to enjoy<br>
and to learn - the deepest of the world.

Above all, shine and fly,<br>
Into the grimy past look not, for only sadness it brings,<br>
The future is unknown, so turn your mind<br>
to the present, the moment of creation.

Time, after all, is the ultimate teacher,<br>
Wounds heal, sadness fades in the wheels of time,<br>
Though some are not so blessed by Eru the One,<br>
In his gift to men -- oblivion and death.<br>

Oblivion - ah bliss! like the little children playing on the beach,<br>
The innocent minds play, fluid and limpid they are,<br>
The know not of the shadows, but they will learn,<br>
For the shadows lie in wait; they feed on the mind.

Poverty, famine. disease and hunger would go away,<br>
If one opened their minds to the world's glory,<br>
Instead of the petty things that people covet,<br>
If they got together and built.

Now, the time has come, I must part,<br>
The seagulls lift, borne by them,<br>
I shall fly long out of reach,<br>
Far, from the land of my birth.

--
Abhishek Dasgupta
